doc(nodeadm) Clarify config-source (#2108)
awslabs/amazon-eks-ami: nodeadm/README.md

--BOUNDARY--
```

> The source for the configuration object can be specified with the `--config-source` flag. It accepts a URI with supported schemes: [imds, file]. The default source is `imds://user-data`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source for the configuration object can be specified with the `--config-source` flag and follows a URI format. The default is `imds://user-data`, which pulls from EC2 instance userdata, but you may provide a file path with `file://...`.
```
